- [Instructor] In this video, we are going to import
the dependencies we need for our application.
Let's open up IntelliJ, and then
open up the file app.module.ts.
Let's import reactive forms module.
Type in import, then ReactiveFormsModule,
surrounded by curly braces, from @angular/forms,
and be sure to add a semi colon at the end.
ReactiveFormsModule is a template-driven forms module
that facilitates the creation of forms.
Let's also add it into the imports section of the NgModule.
Now, lets import the HTTP client module.
Type in import HTTPClientModule
from @angular/common/http.
Let's add the module into imports,
and then save the file.
The HTTPClientModule allows us to
use the HTTP client where we need it.
Now, lets open up app.component.ts.
Let's import FormControl and FormGroup...
from angular/forms.
Let's also import the HTTPClient
from angular/common/http.
Let's add in a constructor in the AppComponent class.
The constructor will accept a instance of the HTTP client.
Type in private, http, colon, HttpClient.
Now finally, let's add in some constants
for the URI for our Spring REST API.
Let's create a private string named baseUrl,
and set it to localhost at port 8080.
Now, let's create another variable called reservationUrl.
Let's make it of the type string,
and let's concat the baseUrl,
plus the room reservation URI.
Let's append the room reservation URL to the baseUrl.
And don't forget to add a semi colon
at the end of each statement.
Great! That's all we need to move forward.